[Serve] Add gRPC context related docs (#41783)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/advanced-guides/grpc-guide.md

  this node and you should no longer route to this node.
- `DEADLINE_EXCEEDED`: The request took longer than the timeout setting and got cancelled.
- `INTERNAL`: Other unhandled errors during the request.

(serve-grpc-proxy-grpc-context)=
## Use gRPC context

> Serve provides a gRPC context object to the deployment replica to get information

Reviewer: Suggest to link to the context object in the gRPC API reference

about the request as well as setting response metadata such as code and details.
Once the deployment is defined with a `grpc_context` argument, Serve will pass a
[RayServegRPCContext](../api/doc/ray.serve.grpc_util.RayServegRPCContext.rst) object
to the replica. Let's define the deployment like the following to set custom code,
details, and trailing metadata.

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/grpc_proxy/grpc_guide.py
:start-after: __begin_grpc_context_define_app__
:end-before: __end_grpc_context_define_app__
:language: python
```

We can define the client code like the following to get the custom code, details, and

> trailing metadata.

Reviewer: This is redundant with the above. Maybe just remove it, or else "refactor" and remove the last sentence from the above paragraph and only have the information here.

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/grpc_proxy/grpc_guide.py
:start-after: __begin_grpc_context_client__
:end-before: __end_grpc_context_client__
:language: python
```

:::{note}

> If the deployment errors out for any reason, Serve will continue to return
> `INTERNAL` code with the stacktrace in the details, regardless of what code and details
> are set in the `RayServegRPCContext` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the handler raises an unhandled exception, Serve will return an
`INTERNAL` error code with the stacktrace in the details, regardless of what code and details
are set in the `RayServegRPCContext` object.
```
